Feat/5360 add weblate to read me and documentation (#5366)
tracim/tracim: README.md

In order to contribute to the Tracim source code, please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file

### Translation

> You can help Tracim with improvements or new translations, for this we use the [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/tracim/) platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can help us translate Tracim! If you see missing or wrong translations, head over to [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/tracim/).
```

Should we mention "contribute a new language"?

Author: ```suggestion
You can help us translate Tracim! If you want to contribute with a new language or you see missing or wrong translations, head over to [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/tracim/).
```
Like that @raphj?

Reviewer: Yes, maybe contribute with -> contribute

(to contribute something)

> You can help us translate Tracim! If you want to contribute a new language or you see missing or wrong translations, head over to [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/tracim/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can help us with Tracim's translation! If you want to contribute a new language, if you see missing or wrong translations, head over to [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/tracim/).
```
